Greetings everyone. My name is philip heggelund, and I will be presenting the Traceability Driver submission for the FDA Traceability challenge.

This is not a traceability solution. Rather, this is a software addon for solution providers that will help them become interoperable. 

Today, we have standards that are supposed to help solution providers become interoperable, however, those standards either have too much flexibility, or they are not interpreted consistently enough to enable true interoperability. We need traceability to be as easy as email.

This is a tool that utilizes standards like EPCIS, GS1 Digital Link, and GDST and is not a standard itself.

[QUEUE NOTE PAD]
The main purpose of this tool is to reduce the development costs of interoperability for solution providers, while also increasing the consistency in which the standards are implemented. This aims to increase interoperability across the traceability industry as a whole.

The technical details on how this tool works cannot be covered in 5 minutes. 

[Queue IMAGE #1]
Here you can see that each solution provider would install the tool to their existing traceability solution, then they can use the traceability driver to talk to all other solution providers that install the traceability driver. The Traceability Driver uses GS1 standards to talk to eachother.

[Queue IMAGE #2]
Here you can see that we take a wheel and spoke approach to mapping data between solution providers. Each solution provider who implements the Traceability Driver writes a mapper between their data model and the common data model. Then using this wheel and spoke approach we can move data between any solution provider while minimizing the complexity.

Now, enough diagrams, lets see an example of this at work.

[QUEUE DEMO]
You can see here that we have two example solution provider web applications I wrote. The first one called the "XML Solution Provider" uses an internal XML data model. The second one, the "JSON Solution Provider" uses and internal JSON data model. We can see here in the XML Solution Provider that we have some events and associated master data.

Both solution providers have implemented their own instance of the Traceability Driver and will use the Traceability Driver to request traceability data from one account to the other.

[QUEUE REQUEST]

As you can see we were able to request the data successfully. 

Thank you for taking the time to review this submission.